here's a twist on the traditional bulgur
tabbouleh this recipe for quinoa
tabbouleh is a real favorite Allrecipes
member Hema sin rights I take it to
potluck parties or use it for lunch
during the week I love adding crumbled
feta cheese on top too
okay let's get started bring two cups of
water to a boil in a pot over high heat
add a pinch of salt and one cup of
quinoa to the boiling water
reduce the heat to low and simmer
covered for 15 minutes
remove the pot from the heat flux with a
fork like this and allow the key want to
cool to room temperature now in a large
bowl whisk together a quarter cup of
olive oil a quarter cup of lemon juice
1/2 teaspoon of sea salt and for extra
flavour or adding in a 1/2 teaspoon of
fresh lemon zest
- the vinegarette adds three diced
tomatoes or try two cups of half grape
tomatoes 1 diced English cucumber 2
bunches of chopped green onion or to
taste and 2 grated carrots toss the
vegetables to coat then add 1 cup of
fresh parsley chopped we're adding an
additional 2 tablespoons of torn fresh
mint leaves to bring out that fresh
tabbouleh flavor
now that the quinoa has cooled add it to
the vegetables in the herbs season the
salad to taste with salt and ground
black pepper
we're going to add 1/2 teaspoon of
ground cumin as several all recipes
members suggested
the longer it sits the better it tastes
recommend Suniva be the Allrecipes
member who submitted this quinoa tabouli
recipe it's a delicious side dish or
just as a light meal on a hot summer day